capital = 48
oob = "BUL_1936"
set_research_slots = 3
add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}
add_ideas = peace_training
set_variable = {
	var = min_fuel
	value = 0.800
}
set_rule = {can_be_spymaster = no}
set_technology = {
	amphibious_mechanized_infantry = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	airfield_allowed = 1
	naval_base_allowed = 1
	desertinfantry_at = 1
	shocktroops = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
}
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.60
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 3000
	producer = BUL
}
set_convoys = 100
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.6.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 35
	neutrality = 60
}
recruit_character = BUL_boris_iii
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_hristo_lukov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_shalapatov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mihov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_popov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_boydev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_markov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_markov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_lukash
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_stoychev
recruit_character = BUL_damian_velchev
recruit_character = BUL_angel_dotsev
recruit_character = BUL_theodosi_daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_trifon_trifonov
recruit_character = BUL_sava_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_vladimir_stoychev
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_stoyanov
recruit_character = BUL_zachari_zachariev
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_tsanev
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_dimitrov_yanchulev
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_petsov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_sapundzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_zhilkov
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_stanchev
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_kozovski
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_drenikov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_trendafilov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_variklechkov
recruit_character = BUL_gancho_manchev
recruit_character = BUL_dimitr_ayryanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_hadzipetkov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_toshev
recruit_character = BUL_bogdan_filov_fascism
recruit_character = BUL_dobri_bozhilov